{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2689\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Assignment -> Linear Regression\
\
Scenario \
After graduating from SCU, you have joined a horizontally organized worker-collective organization, i.e you don\'92t have a boss and are part owner of the organization. This organization collects data on social issues and then make policy proposals for these issues. There are a lot of social scientists in the organization who collect the data and then make policy proposals from the data. You have been hired by the organization to develop models form the gathered data so the social scientists can better understand the data. You don\'92t necessarily have to understand what the data exactly means, but you have to develop accurate models. \
\
Problem Statement \
You have been assigned a problem recently. Your social scientist colleague tells you that they have gathered data on how the income of parents affects the performance of children at school. The social scientists have collected 10000 samples from across Australia of the parent\'92s income as the corresponding total grade achieved (expressed as a percentage out of 100) of the child in school. \
\
Task \
The data is provided to you in the file \'91Ass1.csv\'92. You have to apply the machine learning process (you have learned this in the lecture and tutorials) to model the relationship between the features and the output variable. The feature, \'91Parent\'92s Income\'92, and the output variable, \'91Child Performance\'92 are already decided for you, and you only have to obtain the best relation between them.  \
For this problem you have to take: \

\f1 \uc0\u55349 \u56422 
\f0  = Child Performance \

\f1 \uc0\u55349 \u56421 
\f0  = Parent\'92s Income}